Are you sick?
I'm fine, but I've had a cold recently.
meaning
Well, forget it.
You pay more attention to your body
I have to go first
Take the medicine
What is this?
Last night was just a mistake
You don't deserve to have my child
What are you waiting for?
I'm not feeling very well right now
I want to eat it later
Right now.
Later, you used forgetting as an excuse
Don't make me do it myself
Miss Xu, are you alright?
Why are you wearing my sister's clothes?
Really? Maybe it just so happens.
Hanchuan gave it to me.
He said it was perfect for me
Miss Song Han Chuan is my husband
I hope you don't lose your sense of proportion.
Miss Xu, I mean no harm
I just came to return something
This is my wedding ring with Han Chuan
Why is it with you?
It was October 24th, my birthday.
Haichuan accidentally left it at my house
That night.
It was my wedding night with Hankawa
I'm so sorry.
Leave you alone
Hankawa and I
It was a very pleasant evening